docs: improve CRD reference intro paragraphs (#3320)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/reference/crd-reference/metricsprovider.md

# KeptnMetricsProvider

A `KeptnMetricsProvider` resource defines an instance of a data provider
(such as Prometheus, Dynatrace, or Datadog)

> that is used by a [KeptnMetric](metric.md) resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is used by one or more [KeptnMetric](metric.md) resources.
```
